A vector shares a lot of the same traits with an array, a vector is ubiquitous with a dynamic array. A vector is a simple data structure that can be used when dealing with adjacent storage. Vectors can be helpful if the values in a sequence often reduce or grow, or if a user needs to access an element by its specific position. This guide will describe how a vector works and how someone might use it in a program, as well there will be a simple example program of a vector.
 Vectors work a lot like arrays, except that vectors can manipulate their storage without any manual sizing. Inside a vector is a dynamic array that allows storage to grow or reduce depending on how many elements are in the vector. To implement a vector it requires a header such as, #include <vector> then it must be initialized for example a vector used for integers could be initialized as,  vector<int> vr;. Vectors have a different assortment of common member functions to name a few include, push_back which adds an element to the end of the vector, pop_back deletes the end element, begin returns the iterator to the beginning of the vector, end which returns the iterator to the end of the vector. 
  Finally, vectors are a simple yet efficient and effective way to put a sequence of variables into storage that can shrink or grow depending on how many variables are in the vector. Vectors are better than arrays in that they are not a fixed storage although unlike arrays vectors consume more memory to account for the potential growth of the vector. A good example for use of a vector would be a class could be constructed of a certain inventory a company is selling and then put that inventory into the vector

Cited Sources: https://www.thegeekstuff.com/2014/02/cpp-stl-vector/ 
               http://www.cplusplus.com/reference/vector/vector/
